welcome to clean eating with Claudia in
hospice I'm in the kitchen demonstrating
how to make baked quinoa falafel patties
these falafels are wonderful because
they're packed full of fiber protein and
our low calorie don't write in any of
the directions or ingredients just click
on this link that's available in the
video description this will send you to
have spent calm but we have everything
laid out for you let's get started begin
by preheating your oven to 350 degrees
I'm taking 1 15 ounce can of chickpeas
that I've drained and I'm putting them
directly into the food processor and to
the chickpeas we're going to add one
clove of finely chopped garlic and just
add that right on into the food
processor with your chickpeas and I'm
going to blend these together for about
10 to 15 seconds in the food processor
your blended chickpeas and garlic should
look a little something like this
let's combine all of our falafel
ingredients together I'm going to start
with the chickpeas that I blended in the
food processor and we'll add them into a
separate Bowl just make sure you scrape
all of the chickpeas out of your food
processor bowl next I'm going to add 1/4
of a cup of finely chopped red onion
next I'm going to add 2 tablespoons of
finely chopped fresh parsley and then
I'm going to add 1/8 of a teaspoon to
1/4 of a teaspoon of cayenne pepper just
for a little extra heat you can't omit
this ingredient if heat is not what you
want for your falafels I'll go ahead and
give all of these ingredients a quick
mix and next I'm going to add 1/3 of a
cup of cooked quinoa
and I'm also going to add one wisp egg
to the mixture as well now if you want
to make this a vegan recipe you can
certainly just add one tablespoon of an
egg replacer next I'm going to add a
liberal amount of pink Himalayan sea
salt and cracked black pepper about a
quarter of a teaspoon of each I'm going
to mix all the ingredients together
until we get the consistency of a thick
paste and this is what it should look
like when you're all done mixing you can
use a baking sheet but I'm going to be
using a shallow skillet now whatever it
is that you decide to use just be sure
that you give it a generous spray with a
nonstick cooking spray now to form our
falafel patties I'm going to take about
two tablespoons of the falafel mixture
into my hands and I'm going to form it
into the shape of a traditional falafel
patty as you see here place it on your
baking sheet and continue until all of
the mixture is gone this recipe will
yield about nine to twelve falafel
patties just depending on the size that
you make them I'm going to pop the
falafels into the oven for approximately
thirty minutes
halfway through I'm gonna take the
falafels out and flip them over a place
ease back into the oven for an
additional 15 minutes to finish baking
and this is what your quinoa falafel
patties will look like when they're all
done these falafel patties are delicious
on their own they also make a great
addition to any salad but tastes even
better when they are paired with my
Greek yogurt sauce be on the lookout
because I'll be posting this recipe real
soon if you enjoyed this recipe be sure
to check out my blog on past its website
there you'll find additional recipes as
well as complete workouts meal plans to
lose or gain weight and are complete 30
to 90 day fitness programs do me a favor
and please be sure to subscribe to this
youtube channel follow us on Twitter and
like us on Facebook for the best daily
motivation this has been clean eating
with Claudia in hospit and remember to
eat clean and train dirty